The chat must deeply understand everything that’s going on and be able to answer any questions. The chat will also add or change features on verbal request which will then be reflected in the progress tab. The chat will also push chats and rollbacks to the log tab. The input tab (where the chat is) is where the magic happens. The progress tab and the log tab accepts pushes from input. Must be seamless updates and organization for them where they take the info and organize and adjust accordingly. For the log tab you’ll have the log versions laid out beautifully like GitHub’s commits and when you click on them you can see the chat with the screenshots, you can click on the rollback button within the screenshots to roll the project back to that point(is this even possible or will this take too much storage maybe the rollbacks should expire after some point but the chats never will). And the progress tab will update features accordingly (adding, adjusting, removing) and also display the new progress bar status based on the number of complete features 

The main page of Titan is a project dashboard page. This dashboard page has no title aside from the Titan logo and the words Titan by the logo. This dashboard page is the only page that exists within Titan. This project does not require any hamburgers for additional pages. the dashboard page is where all of the projects show up in list form with their own same sized rectangular horizontal boxes, one ontop of the other. These boxes show the project name, a circle with a pulsing green light that displays its working and if it’s not working or broken the light turn off. In the top right corner of the dashboard page there’s a plus button to add a project. Once clicked, a box appears on the screen with the same glow as all the others and there are 2 fields in this box. One small for the name. One larger for the prompt. Titan will then use gpt turbo to read and truly understand the prompt and concept of what’s being proposed. The user will see their orginal prompt in the box change line by line to a more concise, polished and finite version of their project without changing the overall objective. To confirm understanding Titan will shorten the gist/outline of the project into a paragraph or 2. It will display a bulletpoint list of a few features that would be necessary for a project like this by using AI and asking it what’s needed for a project of this size, what features can we use to optimize it for efficiency and speed of creation, etc. If The user is happy with the outline they will click the create project button at the bottom of the box. The project will then appear in its own box within the project list. As soon as the project is generated it is clickable. When you click on the project it opens up within itself by expanding the box to be almost the entire page. It does not require any hamburgers separate page. 

Once expanded you’ll see 5 tabs at the top of the box. The first tab is called progress. The progress tab has the system status showing at the Tom in the form of a light that’s either pulsing green or not pulsing at all to show function state. There are no words associated with system status. There is also a thin green progress scale that visualizes how far along the project is in functionality using the features completed as reference. Underneath this there is a very long list of all the project features. These projects are large and it’s normal to expect that they have lots of features to support what the project will be able to do, some of them have hundreds of features. The features are specific and not broad. Every feature has a small green arrow off to the right side of the box. When you click on this arrow it opens up like a dropdown within the feature to a list of milestones. These milestones are what the agents will use to determine when and if they’ve met the feature target requirements. These milestones are very specific and truly encapsulated what having the feature fully functioning would look and act like. By the completion of the final milestone, it’s assured that the feature is 100% complete. Every milestone also has a dropdown arrow within itself as a point form list of goals. These goals are what the agent will use to determine if the milestone has been reached. They are very specific and detail what the project would look and act like if this milestone were implemented. Each goal completed has the point form dot turn from empty to green. The goals are in chronological order so they stay put where it is as the agent moves down the goal list to complete them like a check list. 